DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/transactions/key-transactions/create-update-key-transactions.mdx

  - APM
  - Transactions
  - Key transactions

> metaDescription: 'For APM: how to create key transactions and change their Apdex settings.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: For APM: how to create key transactions and change their Apdex settings.
```
